Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:32:19 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 299ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 299ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:32:26 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 339ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 324ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:33:03 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 129ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 112ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:33:10 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 199ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 181ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:33:38 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 295ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 283ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:33:45 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 321ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 321ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:38:52 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 352ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 321ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:39:00 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 164ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 146ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:39:29 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 563ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 546ms

Run at Thu, 7 Oct 2021 22:39:37 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 402ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 386ms

